here we are with the 17-inch macbook pro
this is the early 2008 edition so the
generation just before the unibody this
one has a core 2 duo processor the 2.6
which was an upgrade at the time it was
purchased in june of 2008 shortly
thereafter i added two more gigs of ram
for a total of four and added a larger
hard drive a 320 gigabyte the machine
for me served more or less as a desktop
replacement so it was relatively
stationary most of the time occasionally
I take it with me places but not too
often and as such its remain in pretty
good shape flipped the underside here of
course with this model the the battery
was detachable and you gotta charge
indicator there on the bottom everything
works on the machine still I don't have
any problems with it whatsoever never
really did actually Apple makes great
machines and their quality is pretty
impeccable so after two years absolutely
no difficulties i'll give it a pop here
you can see this is the keyboard here
it's backlit of course it's the keyboard
before they want to chick lit with the
black keys so I'm still very comfortable
and soft touch on this keyboard is kind
of miss it actually well it's good power
on i restored the machine with the
leopard operating system that it came
with i purchased and installed snow
leopard on this machine but i haven't
been able to find the disks so i can't
include them in the sale of course
you're welcome to install yourself or
just keep the leopard install that's on
the machine at this time
oak and some wacky focus air is there of
course every Mac owner knows this is the
what you see on the first time boot just
show the machine has indeed been reset
and I've maintained all of the packaging
original packaging that came with a
MacBook there's the cover that was
originally inserted of course over here
I've got the box it came in just give
this a quick look Apple was using
styrofoam at the time and of course the
AC adapter and a wall plug are both
there and this was of course the bag
that the laptop came in i'll set it back
in a course and then our setup discs and
manuals here in the center inside we've
got the two discs here 14 actually both
of them for the leopard install and of
course the boot camp drivers are on the
first disc there if you ever intended
install windows alright that's pretty
much it we're at a welcome screen here
there she is thanks for looking